---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---

Median test - wilcoxon
Mean test - t-tset 

Wilcoxon test
- Applicable bc using the media + it is true the data os quantized bc it is frames. When writing paper, use A citation that justifies the use of this in this case. when it involves lexical, yo have a difference. Transition from lexical, bc they are so used to working with lexical signs, that when you shift from there into something else
- Lexical to classifier (greater than) // classifier to lexical
- Lexical to index // index to lexical
- Not parametric bc they are on key frames
- Further studies will be necessary - but we are seeing these differences. 

- Going into gesture is fast.
- Lexical to classifier

Go look for examples that exemplify this relationship/ give a reason for why
- Lexical to index, don’t move hand much where a classifier has to be located somewhere in space
- Lexical to gesture // gesture to lexical is a huge difference
- End of lexical as picture, and end of gesture as picture, to show they are not moving far in space. 

** going into gesture is faster than coming out of gesture!
- Why? Could be many reasons. 
- FIND EXAMPLES
- Gesture is an area that has little study within context of sign language. Question could be, because it is an unknown, maybe the annotations were unclear where they started
- Show patterns, in the future should look deeper into what the statistical relationships mean and push the rest off to further work.


>>>> Gesture is amorphous, nonlinguistic recognized. Do quick google scholar search. A lot of things that are not currently analyzable are tossed into the “basket of gesture”
- Papers written on how there is gesture in sign language, too.
- Skim through abstracts, what is a gesture in sign language?

When you are setting up a classifier, you are painting a picture with your hands. Maybe there is more precision that may occur and also signaling “I am about to sign a pic”. 

Lexical to lexical: all sign with same relative transition speed.
- Why? Since we are talking about median, and bc there are so many lexical to lexical, they become the median

When going through videos, for going into index
>> pause that happens when pointing. (Index)
- Is that median bc we established the index and the reference is fast? 

Lexical to lexical is most common transition

Data is telling us that majority are lexical items

There were X # lexical, Y # gestures (frequency count)

Transitions btw different signs, if most are from one lexical to the next, next step would be to focus on lexical only. 

Gestures are more common than classifier (are gestures a catch-all?). maybe using non-standard classifiers. 

Gloss gloss gloss is what is happening in our data
    - Indices are a gloss, but 
    - Lots of classifiers from deaf person
    - But if you are translating, not sure where classifiers come from (pronouns), must have to parse, realize its geometric reference, and then create classifier out of this (which is hard and not typical)
    - Ramifications for language translation :: having something that is only a stream of glosses (the written spoken language equivalent in sign language) but by looking at density of this, there may be, (further analysis, go back and look to see if there is doc on how these videos were elicited. were not elicited using text.
    - >>>>> Run frequency analysis on stories vs sentences
    - 

Machine translation will be from text of the source language, so translating individual sentences 


generating lexical to lexical is worth exploring bc such a large number of the signs are lexically based. Analysis it at the word level rather than motion capture level

DREAM PAPER
    - This is what we did, this is what we see

SLTAT due date?? Being held in Greece
- End of January (roughly)

Bibliographical database

APA formatting 
Default format inside of MS word/ google doc [CITE]
- Use styles and headings
