

At the beginning of week 5, I am still having issues. We last switched to trying to fuzz stack.c because of an unknown issue with autotrace.
Here are the current issues:
- Issues compiling program with Stack.c
  meaghan@denali:~/invscov/stack$ ~/invscov/InvsCov/generate-constraints
  sh: 1: clang-10: not found
  
   generate-constraints script hard-coded the "clang-10" command
   Fixed by: modifying generate-constraints to make use of the INVSCOV_CC environment variable by: 
      - adding the following line after the "import" statements: invscov_ccpath = os.getenv(“INVSCOV_CC")
      - changing the "os.system" statement into the following line:
          os.system("cd '" + invscov_outpath + "' && " + invscov_ccpath + " -O1 -g -Wno-pointer-sign -Wno-unused-function -c -fPIC constraints.c") * make a copy of the original generate-constraints script before you apply the changes.

FINALLY got InvsCov with AFL++ running with program, Stack.c !!!

Next, I proceed with the following tasks and run into the 

1. understand the input and output of generate-constraints
    good.
    
2. understand the buffer overflow vulnerability in the stack program
    good.
    
3. identify an invariant that can be used to detect the buffer overflow
    int checksize = strlen(str);	
    If (checksize > 12){
	    printf(“Input is too long.”);
	    return 0;

4. change the stack program to allow Daikon to recognize the variables involved in the invariant
- add a dummy function in the stack program, which takes the variables involved in the invariant as its arguments
- run learn-constraints again and see if daikon.txt contains any reference to these variables
    Here I had some issues and I was not sure if I had implemented the dummy function properly. When learn-constraints was run, nothing was changed in daikon.txt to reflect the invariant I identified?

5. add the invariant in daikon.txt 
    good. this was done manually.
    
6. use the previous student's python code to automatically generate the above invariant
    -- not yet completed

